Hey, how's Jack?
The doctor said the leukemia is coming back.
I need to find a new bone marrow donor.
Jack is going to be okay.
I'm here to protect you both.
Really?
Yes.
We can't be doing this.
I'm only trying to help.
It's just everything with Sophia and Jack.
I think I need to leave.
Maybe you shouldn't run.
Anything you need I'll be here for.
I don't know. I don't know what to do.
Tell the truth.
Show them the real brave Emily.
The real brave Emily?
There is nothing to fear. All of those rumors are just lies.
Thanks, Henry, but I have a plan.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to get Jack out of here.
I can fight Sophia, but he can't.
What about me?
I'm just I'm saying that I'm here for you to help.
We're not together anymore.
I need to do this by myself.
For Jack.